docs: distinguish between rspack watchOptions and rsbuild watchFiles configuration (#3004)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/dev/watch-files.mdx

If both `dev.hmr` and `dev.liveReload` are set to false, `watchFiles` will be ignored.

### Prerequisite knowledge

> By default, Rsbuild (Rspack) watches all build dependencies and triggers a recompilation when any of these files change. If you want changes in non-build dependency files to cause the page to reload, you can configure this configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Rsbuild (Rspack) watches all build dependencies and triggers a recompilation when any of these files change. If you want the page to automatically reload when some **non-build dependency files** change, you can use this configuration.
```

> It's important to note that changes in files listed under `WatchFiles` do not trigger a reload of the configuration file or a rebuild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that changes in files listed under `watchFiles` do not trigger a rebuild or reloading of the configuration file.
```

> Furthermore, if you want changes in a build dependency file to not trigger a recompilation, you can use the [watchOptions.ignored](https://www.rspack.dev/config/watch#watchoptionsignored) setting in Rspack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, if you want changes in a build dependency file to not trigger a rebuild, you can use the [watchOptions.ignored](https://www.rspack.dev/config/watch#watchoptionsignored) setting in Rspack.
```
